 MINERALS Annual Report 2017 V Sn C About Bushveld Minerals Limited  Bushveld Minerals is an AIM-listed mineral project  development company with a portfolio of vanadium,   tin and coal assets in Southern Africa, including an   interest in a vanadium-producing operation. While the Company’s focus is on developing low-cost vertically integrated vanadium operations, the Company  has multiple projects organised around three commodity-focused platforms through which it will unlock   value for its shareholders: Bushveld Vanadium – Aims to become the largest, lowest- cost, integrated primary vanadium producer globally through  its owned high-grade assets. Read more on page 12 Greenhills Resources – Developing a significant stand-alone  pan-African portfolio of mineable tin assets. Read more on page 22 Lemur Resources – Developing an integrated thermal   coal mining and Independent Power Producer ‘IPP’ asset   in Madagascar. Read more on page 24  Highlights/Key Achievements BUSHVELD VANADIUM  • In partnership with Yellow Dragon  Holdings Limited, the Company  completed, on 6 April 2017 , the  acquisition of a 78.8% interest in  Strategic Minerals Corporation  (“SMC”), which owns the primary  vanadium mining and processing  company Vametco Alloys (Proprietary)  Limited (“Vametco”) in South Africa. • Signed cooperation Agreement  between the Industrial Development  Corporation of South Africa (“IDC”)  and Bushveld Energy Limited  (“Bushveld Energy”, a subsidiary     of Bushveld Minerals Limited) for   the joint development of market  opportunities for Vanadium Redox  Flow Batteries (“VRFBs”) in Africa. • Completed a techno-economic study  on the manufacturing of electrolyte  in South Africa. • Completed a market study for VRFBs  in Africa. • Completed the Acquisition of the  Brits Vanadium Project from Sable  Metals Limited. GREENHILLS RESOURCES  • Completed the Acquisition of a   49% interest in Dawnmin Africa  Limited (“Dawnmin”), which holds   an 85% interest in the Uis Tin Project  in Namibia..