Annual report and accounts 2017 Carpetright plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Index  Strategic report Introduction 1 At a glance 2 Chairman’ s statement 3 Our market 4 Our business model 5 Our strategic priorities 6 Chief Executive’ s review 10 In conversation with the Chief Executive 14 Measuring our performance 16 Financial review 17 Managing risk 24 Principal risks and uncertainties 26 Corporate responsibility 28 Directors’ report Board of Directors 30 Corporate governance 32 Audit Committee report 35 Directors’ remuneration report 39 Other information 61 Financial statements Consolidated income statement 65 Consolidated statement of   comprehensive income 65 Statements of change in equity 66 Balance sheets 67 Statements of cash flow 68 Notes to the financial statements 69 Group five-year financial summary 102 Independent auditors’ report 103 Shareholder information Calendar 109 Advisers 109 Carpetright is Europe’s leading specialist retailer of floorcoverings  and beds in the domestic home improvement market. Our primary business objective is to help customers transform  their homes with our products and services delivered through an  integrated multi-channel proposition. Through this we will maximise value for our shareholders by  delivering long-term sustainable growth in earnings per share  and cash flow. We’re honest and straightforward We care about customers and colleagues We make it easy Details of our strategy, including a strategic update, can be found on pages 10 to 13 of this report. More online This report, along with our other  announcements and stakeholder  information, can be found on our  corporate website: carpetright.plc.uk This Strategic Report was  approved by the Board of Directors  on 26 June 2017 and was signed  on its behalf by Jeremy Sampson  – Company Secretary and  Legal Director. Strategic report Shareholder information Financial statements Directors’ report 1  | At a glance Strategic progress  – Year of significant operational change and  investment – strategic plan on track. – Accelerated store refurbishment programme  with 47% of the UK estate trading under   the new brand identity by period end. On track to complete remainder of UK   estate by end of 2018. – Post-investment performance of refurbished  estate continues to be encouraging with like- for-like sales up by 6.8% on average. – Hard flooring category achieving double  digit sales growth as it benefits from greater  strategic focus..