iomart Group plc Annual report and accounts 2017 iomart Group plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Overview  About iomart 1  Highlights 6 Strategic Report  Chairman’s statement 7  Chief executive officer’s report 8  Finance director's report 10  Key performance indicators and principal risks and uncertainties 14 Corporate Governance  Board of directors 16  Corporate governance report 17  Report of the board to the members on directors’ remuneration 22  Directors' report 28  Directors' responsibilities statement 30 Financial Statements  Independent auditor's report to the members of iomart Group plc 31  Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 32  Consolidated statement of financial position 33  Consolidated statement of cash flows 34  Consolidated statement of changes in equity 35  Notes to the financial statements 36  Parent company financial statements 68 Annual General Meeting  Notice of annual general meeting 80 Officers and Professional Advisers   Officers and professional advisers 84 Contents iomart Group plc Annual report and accounts 2017 About iomart iomart provides managed cloud services to support businesses and  organisations of all sizes in their digital transformation. Not only do we design, build and deploy bespoke cloud platforms in  our data centres, we provide the network connectivity, security services  and technical expertise to support them 24x7. Our consultants help organisations decide how to take their very first  steps into the cloud, while our comprehensive portfolio of managed  services helps the biggest global brands consolidate and strengthen  their enterprise IT while protecting their data across multiple  geographical locations. In a world where cyber-attacks are a constant threat, iomart works  with the world’s leading technology vendors to provide secure cloud  solutions and multi-layered defence to customers. iomart is proud to be the UK’s most accredited cloud services company  and a trusted partner to business. iomart Group plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Our Year iomart has enjoyed another exciting year of  growth with revenues increasing by 17% to  £89.6m. As a result we are improving our dividend  policy to reflect this ongoing growth and our  confidence in the future. iomart Group plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Our Infrastructure iomart continues to invest in its people, skills and infrastructure to help  organisations derive maximum commercial and operational value from  the cloud. The core components of our services are delivered from a network of  data centres which are fully connected by our own fibre network. Our managed cloud services are delivered from a network of fully  owned data centres across the UK..