Enhancing  customer   experience Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Speedy is focussed on enhancing   our customers’ experience. We provide safe, reliable hire equipment  and services to enable the successful  delivery of customer projects. Visit our website to find out more  speedyservices.com/investors Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Corporate Information Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 01 Read about the significant  improvements across all financial and  operational performance measures. We are creating a culture in which   all staff are empowered to make  appropriate decisions. We are more than just equipment providers,  we are partners in the successful delivery   of our customers’ projects because while   our equipment may be temporarily on hire,   our commitment is permanent. Strategic Report Speedy at a glance 02 Chairman’s statement 04 Chief Executive’s review  06 Business model and strategy  10 Enhancing customer experience 12 Innovation and differentiation 14 Cultivating relationships 16 Empowered culture 18 Safety and sustainability 20 Key performance indicators 24 Financial review 26 Principal risks and uncertainties 30 Governance  Chairman’s letter to shareholders 35 Directors’ Report 36 Statement of Directors’   responsibilities 39 Board of Directors 40 Corporate Governance 42 Audit Committee Report  48 Nomination Committee Report  52 Remuneration Report  54 Independent Auditor’s Report  70 Financial Statements  Consolidated Income Statement 76 Consolidated Statement of  Comprehensive Income 77 Consolidated Balance Sheet 78 Consolidated Statement of   Changes in Equity  79 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 80 Reconciliation of Net Debt 81 Notes to the Financial Statements  82 Company Balance Sheet 112 Company Statement of   Changes in Equity 113 Company Cash Flow Statement 114 Notes to the Company   Financial Statements  115 Five-year Summary 119 Corporate Information  Shareholder Information 120 Registered Office and Advisers 121 Enhancing customer experience Chief Executive’s review Empowered culture 12 18 06 Read mo Re Read mo Re Read mo Re 02 Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017  “ At Speedy, we all share the same  vision: to help make our customers’  business as successful as it can be. It’s why we do what we do and what  motivates us every single day.” Russell Down Chief Executive Enhancing the   customer experience SPEEDy At A G l AnCE Our vision Our vision is to become the best company in our   sector to do business with and the best to work for. Our mission Our mission is to provide safe, reliable hire   equipment and services to enable successful   delivery of customer projects. Our values   Safe – the first priority in everything we do   As One – working together to collectively   achieve our goals  Innovative – to continuously improve   Driven – to deliver a first class customer experience This approach to the way we do business will enable  us to deliver sustainable growth through improved  profitability and ROCE. In this report we highlight the progress we have made  against our key strategic themes..