Building momentum and driving growth Pennon Annual Report & Accounts 2017 Annual Report & Accounts 2017 Find out more   about Pennon Corporate website  Annual Report  Siblyback Reservoir, Cornwall Cover Alan Hawkins and  Zak Morrill at Ardley ERF Integrated reporting Our business touches the lives  of many stakeholders, from  customers, employees, investors  and suppliers to our communities,  the environment and regulators. Reflecting the integrated nature  of our business, we seek to  integrate our reporting  on financial, economic, social  and environmental aspects of  our performance and how they  contribute to long-term value  creation. To support this ambition,  this report has been prepared  with reference to the principles  of the International Integrated  Reporting Council’s International  <IR> Framework. Strategic report Overview 04 Group financial highlights 06 Group operational highlights 08 Chairman’s statement 12 Market overview 14 Business model 16 Strategic priorities 18 Our people Group performance 20 Review of the Chief Executive Officer 26 Our operations  26 Water and wastewater  32 Waste management 38 Report of the Chief Financial Officer 46 Risk report Governance   and remuneration 54 Chairman’s letter to shareholders 56 Board of Directors 63 Board Committees’ reports 74 Directors’ remuneration report 100 Directors’ report – other statutory disclosures Financial statements and  shareholder information 106 Independent auditor’s report 114 Financial statements 173 Five-year financial summary 174 Shareholder information As one of the largest  environmental infrastructure  groups in the UK, Pennon is  at the top end of the FTSE 250,  has assets of around £5.9 billion  and a workforce of around  5,000 people. Our mission Together we will build the most trusted environmental solutions  company in the UK, providing infrastructure and services that  enhance our customers’ lives, protect the environment and  deliver growth for our shareholders. Our pillars Our six pillars form the foundations of our culture and the way  we work. Safety first The safety of our employees, customers and  communities comes first. We will do everything safely and  responsibly, or not at all. Our people Our success comes from our talented people  doing great things for our customers and each other. Service and value We are committed to delivering exceptional  service and value for our customers and communities..