Annual Report and Accounts  @DixonsCarphone 2016/17 Dixons Carphone plc 1 Portal Way London W3 6RS United Kingdom Telephone: +44 (0) 345 013 0345 Email:   Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 2016/17 “Over the last few years a great deal of work has been done to make the company  stronger, lower risk and more resilient. We are seeing the upside of these efforts now as  we declare record headline profits before tax of over half a billion pounds – up 10%. More  importantly, the improvement in our cost base, the strong leadership position that we  have built, the investment that we have made in our digital business and, above all, the  enormous shift in customer satisfaction and price competitiveness that we have driven  leave us well positioned to flourish in the years ahead. While the UK consumer environment seems to be holding up for us, there will  undoubtedly continue to be changes in the way people buy all of the products that we  sell from phones to washing machines. Change always represents opportunity, and our  job is to find the propositions that keep us compelling to our customers forever. We are  excited about our plans in services and about the myriad of initiatives that will drive long- term relationships with our customers. In short, it has been a good year for Dixons Carphone and it gives me great pleasure  once again to thank my 43,000 colleagues for the work that they have done to deliver so  well and so energetically for our customers.” Sebastian James Group Chief Executive 27 June 2017 Cautionary statement Certain statements made in this Annual Report and Accounts are forward looking. Such statements are based on current expectations and  are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any expected future events or results  referred to in these forward looking statements. Unless otherwise required by applicable laws, regulations or accounting standards, we do not  undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or  otherwise. Nothing in this Annual Report and Accounts should be regarded as a profit forecast..