ANNUAL REPORT Symphony Environmental Technologies plc 2017 AND ACCOUNTS Symphony Environmental Technologies plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017  |   Business Review 01 Highlights 02 Symphony at a Glance 04 Chairman’s Statement 06 Chief Executive’s Review 08 2017 Roundup 09 Corporate Social Responsibility Corporate Governance 10 Board of Directors 12 Strategic Report 13 Directors’ Report 15 Remuneration Report Financial Statements 16 Independent Auditor’s Report 19 Consolidated Statement   of Comprehensive Income 20 Consolidated Statement   of Financial Position 21 Consolidated Statement   of Changes in Equity 22 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 23 Notes to the Annual Report and Accounts 43 Company Balance Sheet 44 Company Statement of Changes in Equity 45 Notes to the Company Balance Sheet 49 Company information    Symphony is a world leader in controlled-life  plastic, and supplies masterbatches and finished  plastic products. Our d 2 w oxo-biodegradable  (OBP) controlled-life masterbatch was the first  technology of this type to be awarded an   Eco-Label, distinguishing it from all similar  products on the market. Plastic waste is a global problem which is now  dominating the media and concentrating the  minds of legislators, companies, NGOs and  scientists around the world. Plastic is vital for  our food chain because foods are safer and  stay fresher when protected in plastic, and this  reduces food waste. This is really significant, as  one third of the food produced each year   is wasted. Opponents of plastic have yet to find a viable  alternative which goes anywhere near performing  as well as plastic for most applications, and have  themselves raised concerns about food safety  and food waste. d 2 w is fully consistent with the principles of  “Reduce”, “Re-use” and “Recycle”. It is also the  best technology available for our customers,   for consumers and for the protection of   the environment. Symphony has also developed a range of plastic  technologies under the d 2 p (designed to protect)  brand, offering extra protection from bacteria,  insects, fungi, algae, odour, fouling, and fire. In  addition to these, we have recently developed  a corrosion inhibitor and a range of products  specifically designed for food packaging..