Delivering value  through innovation AstraZeneca Annual Report   and Form 20-F Information 2012 + - AstraZeneca Welcome to the AstraZeneca  Annual Report and Form  20-F Information 2012   (Annual Report). You will ﬁnd  this Annual Report on our   website, astrazeneca.com/ annualreport2012 Strategy To compete as a global  biopharmaceutical business  delivering great medicines   to patients through innovative  science and excellence   in development and  commercialisation Performance 2012 ﬁnancial performance  was deﬁned by signiﬁcant  revenue decline associated  with the loss of exclusivity   for several products Corporate Governance In addition to the regular  programme of meetings for   the Board and its Committees   2012 was a busy year with new  appointments, a record number   of business development deals  and our strategic review Financial  Statements Met or exceeded   ﬁnancial targets as   a result of disciplined   ﬁnancial management   and lower Reported   tax rate Additional  Information More information about our  business and about being   an AstraZeneca shareholder Innovation is at the core of everything we   do at AstraZeneca – from our research   into effective new medicines to how we   run our business. Our goal is to improve health for patients, bring beneﬁts   for stakeholders and deliver long-term shareholder value  through continued successful innovation. Our innovation:  >  Improves health outcomes for patients   >  Delivers economic beneﬁts   for healthcare systems    > Adds value beyond the medicines     > Contributes to our local communities  In a world where the demand for healthcare continues   to grow, the advances made through innovation are vital   to address unmet medical need and deliver sustained  improvement in healthcare worldwide. P10 P22 P104 P138 Important information for readers of this Annual  Report For further information in relation to the inclusion of  reported performance, Core ﬁnancial measures and constant  exchange rate (CER) growth rates as used in this Overview   from page 2 and throughout the Performance and Corporate  Governance sections from pages 24 and 106 respectively,  please refer to the Financial Review on page 88. Throughout   this Annual Report, growth rates are expressed at CER unless  otherwise stated. Deﬁnitions The Glossary and the Market deﬁnitions table from  page 209 are intended to provide a useful guide to terms and  AstraZeneca’s deﬁnitions of markets, as well as to acronyms  and abbreviations, used in this section and elsewhere in this  Annual Report. Use of terms In this Annual Report, unless the context  otherwise requires, ‘AstraZeneca’, ‘the Group’, ‘we’, ‘us’ and  ‘our’ refer to AstraZeneca PLC and its consolidated entities. Statements of dates Except as otherwise stated, references  to days and/or months in this Annual Report are references   to days and/or months in 2012. Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking  statements A cautionary statement regarding forward-looking  statements and other essential information relating to this  Annual Report can be found on the inside back cover..