ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 PURPOSEFUL AND DISCIPLINED GROWTH Annual report and accounts 2017 2017 at 2017 has been a year of purposeful and disciplined growth to develop our  market positions at slot-constrained airports. We have grown our share in   a number of key airports, with our fleet up-gauging process also allowing   us to add capacity where our competitors cannot. Our sustained focus on cost control and lean initiatives is supported   by our fleet development and increased use of digital to improve our  customers’ experience. We moved quickly in response to the UK’s referendum vote to leave the  European Union by establishing a new airline, easyJet Europe, in Austria. easyJet Europe is now operational and will enable easyJet to continue to  operate flights both across and domestically within all European countries  after the UK has left the EU, regardless of the outcome of talks on a future  UK-EU aviation agreement. We continue investing in innovation, which has already revolutionised our  customer offer and we expect to continue to harness technology to deliver  cost and reliability benefits as well as exciting improvements in customer  experiences that will keep easyJet a structural winner at the forefront of   the aviation industry. easyJet’s customer proposition continues its positive development and,  backed by a strong balance sheet, will deliver long-term shareholder value. STRATEGIC REPORT Investment case 2 Chairman’s letter 3 easyJet at a glance 4 Our business model 8  Chief Executive’s review 10 Overview 10 Market environment 11 Strategic progress 11 Outlook 17 Our markets 18 Our strategy 19 Our strategy in action 22 Key performance indicators 24 Financial review 26 Going concern 31 Viability statement 31 Key statistics 32 Risk 33 Corporate responsibility 41    GOVERNANCE Chairman’s statement  on corporate governance 47 Board of Directors 48 Executive Management Team 50 Corporate governance report 52 Directors’ remuneration report 65 Directors’ report 85 Statement of Directors’  responsibilities 88 Independent auditors’ report  to the members of easyJet plc 89    ACCOUNTS Consolidated accounts 94 Notes to the accounts 99 Company accounts 126 Notes to the Company accounts 129    OTHER INFORMATION Five-year summary 131 Glossary 132 VISIT OUR WEBSITE FOR OTHER  INVESTOR INFORMATION  Gatwick North  Terminal  programme Technological   advances   See case study on p22   See case study on p23 2 easyJet plc Annual report and accounts 2017 We continue to  invest in what  differentiates us,  strengthening  our long-term  proposition. Investment case Investing in our strengths LOW-COST MODEL We are driven by our strong focus on cost control,   with a commitment to maintaining easyJet’s structural  cost advantage against its major competitors in each   of its markets. DISCIPLINED USE OF  CAPITAL We have a clear capital structure framework and a  strategy intended to maximise shareholder returns..