BUIL DING BETT ER   FINANCIAL FUTURES Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 ONE ARROW ONE ARROW  LIVING OUR  VALUES We continue to run the business  in line with our ‘One Arrow’  Group values, and are proud of  the role Arrow Global plays in  ‘Building Better Financial Futures’  for our stakeholders, ensuring a  positive outcome for both our  customers and the Group. LIVING OUR VALUES It’s been another successful  year of growth and value  creation for Arrow Global. CONTENTS STRATEGIC REPORT 03 Highlights 2017 04 Chairman’s statement 06 At a glance 08 Business model 12 Market 14 Our strategy 16 Group chief executive officer’s review 20 Group chief financial officer’s review 24 IFRS to cash result reconciliations  26 Executive management team 28 Country reviews 34 Our people 36 Sustainability 38 Principal risks & uncertainties 43 Statement of viability GOVERNANCE 44 Board of directors 46 Corporate governance report 51 Audit committee report 56 Risk committee report 58 Nomination committee report 60 Directors’ remuneration report 79 Report of the directors 83 Directors’ responsibilities statement FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 84 Independent auditor’s report 90 Consolidated statement of profit or loss & other comprehensive income 91 Consolidated & parent company statement of financial position 92 Consolidated & parent company statement of changes in equity 93 Consolidated & parent company statement of cash flows 94 Notes to the financial statements 136 Additional information (unaudited) 138 Glossary IBC Shareholder information   Find out more about us at  We succeed together Taking ownership and ensuring a positive  outcome for both our customers and our  business. We do this by being collaborative  and supporting each other, wherever  we work or reside. In October 2017, we committed to  ‘Building Better Financial Futures’ for  our stakeholders, when we formally  launched the Group’s purpose and  values in every country, and across  all businesses. The Group has grown quickly  and has been successful, steadily  increasing our profit and delivered  great returns for our shareholders. While we must continue to deliver  against our targets and budgets,  how we do this and the behaviours  we adopt in doing so, are equally  important. We are convinced that  for any business to be successful,  and to sustain this success, it has  to embrace a higher purpose and  have common values, whatever  the local cultural nuances, local  regulations and laws. Our purpose is ‘Building Better  Financial Futures’ and is an important  step to building a ‘One Arrow’  culture that we believe is critical  to our continued success. Building better financial futures  is inspirational and aspirational..