Ubisense Group plc Annual Report 2017 Ubisense Group plc Annual Report 2017 Bringing  the digital  twin to life The power of location data PASSENGER  VEHICLES AEROSPACE &  DEFENCE PUBLIC TRANSPORT COMMERCIAL  VEHICLES GAS ELECTRIC TELECOMMUNICATIONS BRINGING THE DIGITAL TWIN TO LIFE GENERAL INDUSTRY  (MANUFACTURING  AND LOGISTICS) CABLE We have one simple goal: to revolutionise the world’s ability to locate,  connect and manage industrial assets, making them more productive,  flexible, profitable and safe. We are proud to be a trusted adviser to some  of the biggest automotive, aerospace, telecoms and utility companies in the  world, offering in-depth knowledge of the sectors in which we operate and  the challenges that our customers face, at every level of the organisation. Our solutions are based on powerful enterprise platforms, supported  by a range of customer-led applications, that use location to enable our  customers to deliver a real-time digital twin of their physical operations,  proven to drive quality, increase productivity, manage complexity and  reduce costs. Ubisense has carved out a unique place for itself in the quest to enable the  creation of digital twins across both sides of the business. A digital twin is a  digital replica of a physical object or process, interpreting a wide range of  technology to create a 'living' model that supports a production process  during its lifecycle. We have two enterprise products that enable the creation of digital twins. RTLS SmartSpace  Delivering new levels of visibility and control, SmartSpace provides a foundation  platform for manufacturers’ Industry 4.0 strategy. Enabling customers to create  a real-time digital twin of the production environment, Ubisense’s technology  connects activities in the real world to manufacturing execution and  planning systems, making real-world processes involving moving assets  visible and measurable. Geospatial myWorld myWorld transforms the ability of infrastructure companies to manage  their geographically dispersed assets by creating a single architecture  for geospatial-based applications. It enables customers to create a real-time  digital twin of their physical operations that can be shared by thousands  of field and office staff across all departments, connecting seamlessly  to other critical enterprise systems..