Transforming   the business Bowleven plc  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Bowleven plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Who We Are Bowleven plc is an independent  AIM listed oil and gas company  focused on Africa, where it  holds a combination of  development and exploration  interests in Cameroon. Our purpose Bowleven plc is dedicated to realising  material shareholder value from its   assets in Cameroon, whilst maintaining  capital discipline and employing a   rigorously selective approach to other   value-enhancing opportunities. Find out more on our website   Bowleven plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 01 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Corporate Highlights $86m Cash and bank deposits  held at end June 2017  no debt. No outstanding  work programme  commitments $40m Access to $40m (net)  carry for drilling/testing  two Etinde appraisal  wells $25m Payment of $25m is due  from joint venture (JV) partners once a Final  Investment Decision (FID)  is reached on the  development of the  Etinde field Operational Etinde, offshore Cameroon  — Ongoing operator evaluation of development  options, including scope for early-stage development  plans that align with the Government’s preferred  offtake solutions. — Two carried appraisal well locations agreed with our  partners targeting combined additional in-place  volumes of up to 2 tcf of gas and associated liquid  resource; drilling to progress once agreed by the  Etinde JV partners. Bomono, onshore Cameroon  — Bomono development concept defined to access  existing Cameroon infrastructure and potential  monetisation route. — Prospect inventory compiled highlighting both  Tertiary and Cretaceous prospectivity. Other  — Pre-March 2017, the Board signed an agreement to  farm-out 80% of the Group’s interest in the Bomono  Production Sharing contract to Victoria Oil & Gas Plc  (VOG). The commercial terms and legal  documentation remain the subject of negotiations  owing to various stakeholder discussions. — Cameroon Government approval for the completion  of this farm-out arrangement has not been received  to date..