Hanson PLC Annual Report and Form 20-F 2005 A Scheme of Arrangement (the “Scheme”) was approved by shareholders of Old Hanson on September 1 9, 2003, subsequently approved  by the Court on October 1 3, 2003 and became effective at the close of business on October 1 4, 2003 (the “Scheme Effective Date”). Under the Scheme, shareholders in Old Hanson received,  in substitution for each of their ordinary shares of  £2 in nominal value in Old Hanson, one ordinary share of 10p in nominal value in New Hanson, following a reduction in the nominal capital of New Hanson approved by the Court on October 20, 2003 and effective from October 21, 2003. For the purposes of producing the Annual Report and Form 20-F of New Hanson, unless otherwise expressly specified (a) references to the Company and its subsidiaries or Hanson and its subsidiaries, or the group, refer to Old Hanson and its subsidiaries up to the close of business on the Scheme Effective Date and to New Hanson (including Old Hanson) and its subsidiaries as from that time and (b) references to Hanson or the Company are to Old Hanson up to the close of business on the Scheme Effective Date and to New Hanson as from that time. At the Scheme Effective Date New Hanson had no business assets. Solely for the convenience of the reader, the  Annual Report and Form 20-F contains translations of certain amounts in pounds sterling (“£”) or pence (“p”) into US dollars (“US dollars” or “$”) or cents (“c”). The translations of pounds sterling and pence to US dollars and cents appearing in the Annual Report and Form 20-F have been made at the noon buying rate in New Y ork City for cable transfers in pounds sterling as certified for customs purposes by the Bank of New Y ork (the “noon buying rate”)  on the date of the information so translated. These translations should not be construed as representations that the pound sterling amounts actually represent such US dollar amounts or could be converted into US dollars at the rates indicated. On February 21, 2006 the noon buying rate was $1 .74 per £1. For additional information on exchange rates between the pound sterling and the US dollar, see “Exchange Rates” on page 133 of the Annual Report and Form 20-F . Each of Hanson, Hanson Aggregates North America, Hanson Building Products North America, Hanson Aggregates UK, Hanson Building Products UK, Hanson Australia & Asia Pacific and Hanson Continental Europe (as such expressions are referred to in the Annual Report and Form 20-F)  is either a holding company or divisional entity, and does not itself carry out any of the business activities described on page 53 of the Annual Report and Form 20-F ..