Annual Report &  Accounts 2017 (Formerly: Crossrider plc) Kape Technologies plc Annual Report & Accounts 2017 OVERVIEW Kape is a cybersecurity company  which utilises its proprietary  digital distribution technology to  optimise its reach and create  a superb user experience. Kape  offers products which provide  online security, privacy and an  optimal online experience. Kape’s vision is to provide online  autonomy for a secure and  accessible personal digital life. STRATEGIC REPORT Highlights 1 Chairman’s statement 2 Chief Executive Officer’s review 4 Chief Financial Officer’s review 8 Principal risks and uncertainties 12  GOVERNANCE Board of Directors 14 Corporate governance 16 Remuneration Committee report 18 Directors’ report 20 Directors’ responsibility statement 22 FINANCIALS Independent auditor’s report   to the members of   Kape Technologies plc 23 Consolidated statement of   comprehensive income 28 Consolidated statement of   financial position 29 Consolidated statement of changes   in equity 30 Consolidated statement of   cash flows 31 Notes to the consolidated   financial statements 32 Shareholder information   and advisors IBC CORPORATE   GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS STRATEGIC   REPORT 1 KAPE TECHNOLOGIES PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS HIGHLIGHTS 2017 Acquisition of CyberGhost,  a leading SaaS cybersecurity  provider Significant growth in  paying users Substantial progress made  in transitioning the business  towards a pure SaaS model $8.3m Adjusted EBITDA $66.4m Revenue $69.5m Cash balance  and no debt $7 .6m Adjusted cash flow   from operations 92% Conversion of  adjusted EBITDA 2 KAPE TECHNOLOGIES PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT DON ELGIE NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN 2017 has been a pivotal year for  our business in which we fully  aligned our operations to focus  on cybersecurity software. Introduction 2017 has been a pivotal year for  our business in which we fully  aligned our operations to focus  on cybersecurity software. Our management team has worked  tirelessly to deliver on our stated  growth objectives which has now  culminated in the renaming and  rebranding of the business to Kape  Technologies plc (previously  Crossrider plc), an important  milestone in the repositioning of the  business. Since October 2016, the  Company has focused on both  acquiring and developing  cybersecurity software solutions for  consumers, whilst utilising its  proprietary digital distribution  technology to grow its user base  across the Company’s product suite. The Company’s management has  deployed Kape’s in-depth expertise  and technological capabilities within  its digital marketing platform to  support and grow our expanded  customer base and promote our own  products and services. This market  leading digital pedigree has enabled  the Group to accelerate the Company’s  successful transformation during 2017. Products  In the last year, management has  taken great strides to broaden our  product stack, which includes our  Reimage software and DriverAgent  solutions..