WideCells Group PLC Annual Report & Accounts 2017 WORLDWIDE PROVIDER OF STEM CELL SERVICES  Overview –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––– 1 About WideCells WideCells Group PLC is building an integrated stem cell services company, focused on making stem cell treatments accessible and affordable. The Directors believe that the use of cord blood stem cells for transplant will drive one of the next important phases in medicine and the Group is developing market leading products in complementary, strategic areas which are designed to take advantage of substantial market opportunities in one of the fastest growing segments in the healthcare industry. Keeping this in mind, WideCells Group PLC has been developing its three divisions: • CellPlan: The world’s ﬁrst stem cell healthcare insurance plan providing ﬁnancial cover for a second medical opinion and recommendation of the best transplant centre worldwide, private cord blood transplantation costs, travel to treatment centre where required, accommodation expenses and concierge service to manage the whole transplant process. • WideCells: The WideCells Institute of Stem Cell Technology (ISCT) has been established and is based in the University of Manchester Innovation Centre. The focus is on stem cell research and regenerative medicine. The WideCells ISCT also has a Cryogenics division specialising in cell freezing and long term stem cell storage. • Wideacademy: An education and training division to promote understanding of the beneﬁts of stem cell storage and treatment across the global medical, patient and cord blood client and lay community. To support the growth of these divisions, WideCells Group has built an experienced Board and Senior Management Team, which was strengthened during the period through the appointment of three new board members and the creation of a new Scientiﬁc Advisory Committee. Cord Blood Stem Cell Facts: • Umbilical cord blood (the blood remaining in the umbilical cord and placenta following the birth of a baby) provides the most effective source of haemopoietic stem cells for families. Collection of cord blood at birth is simple, safe and painless compared to other sources of haemopoietic stem cells such as bone marrow, which requires a general anaesthetic and a surgical procedure to collect..