Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Investing for Growth Euromoney AR2017 Cover-Proof 6.indd   8     We are... an international business- information group covering  asset management, price  discovery, data & market  intelligence, and banking  & ﬁnance under brands  including Euromoney,  Institutional Investor,  BCA Research, Ned Davis  Research and Metal Bulletin. We also run an extensive  portfolio of events for the  telecoms, ﬁnancial and  commodities markets. Visit us at  Investing for Growth Euromoney AR2017 Cover-Proof 6.indd   9     Financial Highlights Adjusted profit before tax: £106.5m Adjusted diluted earnings per share: 76.4p Dividend: 30.6p Total revenue: £428.4m Operational highlights 1 Strategy on track in  a year of transition We launched our revised strategy in March 2016 and  highlighted that 2017 would be a year of transition. Our improved results reflect that our strategy is on  track as we continue to invest in strategic themes,  operate more effectively across the business,  taking advantage of our scale but still remaining  entrepreneurial and actively manage the portfolio. 2 Financial independence DMGT’s reduction of its equity interest in Euromoney  from 68% to 49% through a combination of share  buyback and market placing has provided  Euromoney with balance sheet independence  from DMGT. This has allowed us to accelerate  our management of the portfolio and enabled the  adoption of a new, progressive dividend policy  with an increase in pay-out ratio. 3 Active portfolio management Active portfolio management is one of the pillars  of our strategy. By selling businesses which are  not strategic for us and buying ones which fit our  strategy, we continue to recycle capital towards  our best opportunities. 4 A new operating model We have established a Group Management Board  made up of our divisional and functional leaders. We continue to serve our four segments through  this structure, ensuring that our businesses remain  entrepreneurial while enabling them to benefit  from economies of scale, best practice and  stronger governance..