We believe   in better Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Company Information 1 Xafinity is an  independent,   FTSE listed,   UK pensions  specialist. We are actuaries, consultants and  administrators working to protect and  enhance the benefits of hundreds of  thousands of pension scheme members. We bring cutting edge solutions for the  benefit of pension scheme trustees,  members and sponsoring employers. We believe that we should all expect more  from the pensions market. Contents Strategic Report 2 At a Glance 4 Chairman’s Statement 6 Market Overview 10 Business Model 12 Ambition and Strategy 16 Strategy in Action 18 Co–Chief Executive Officers' Q&A 22 Financial Review 24 Principal Risks and Uncertainties Governance 26 Board of Directors 28 Governance 33 Audit and Risk Committee Report 35 Directors’ Remuneration Report 48 Directors’ Responsibility Statement 49 Directors’ Report Financial Statements 53 Independent Auditors’ Report to the  Members of Xafinity plc 57 Consolidated Statement of  Comprehensive Income 58 Consolidated Statement of  Financial Position 59 Consolidated Statement of  Changes in Equity 60 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 61 Notes to the Consolidated  Financial Statements 84 Statement of Financial Position - Company 85 Statement of Changes in Equity - Company 86 Statement of Cash Flows - Company 87 Notes to the Financial Statements -  Company Company Information 90 Company Information Xafinity Annual Report and Accounts 2017 2 At a Glance We believe in better As the need to create financial security in later  life becomes increasingly important for us all,  Xafinity is changing the way that we think about  pensions and the way that they are structured,  protected and delivered. We believe in better. Better schemes, information, technology and decisions. Better service expectations and ultimately better financial   outcomes for trustees, businesses, members and our shareholders. Pensions advisory   and administration 82% of revenues Comprehensive service offering  for defined benefit pension  scheme trustees, spanning  actuarial, investment and wider  pensions advice. Complementary administration  services provided to pensions  advisory clients, to provide a ‘one  stop shop’ for pensions support..