Committed to  journeys better making customers’  slugline Halfords Group plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2017  Halfords Group plc  Annual Report and Accounts  for the year ended 31 March 2017 Stock Code: HFD Halfords Annual Report 2017.indd   3     slugline This icon signposts the reader   to other sections in this report  This icon signposts the reader to more  information that can be found online This icon accompanies ‘fast facts’ with figures  that relate to 2 April 2016 – 31 March 2017 A little direction for your   journey through our report Our Vision Our vision is clear: • T o be first choice for customers’ life on the move • We will achieve this by being Committed to Making Customers’  Journeys Better Halfords is divided into two business segments:  Retail and Autocentres Category split of Halfords Group revenue (between Retail and  Autocentres) 86% Retail Autocentres 14% Online Annual Report Read our Annual Report online, including a link to the full  Remuneration Policy halfords.annualreport2017.com Corporate Website Catch up with our latest news and learn more about Halfords on   our corporate website  Category split of Halfords Group revenue  (between Motoring and Cycling) 67% Motoring Cycling 33% 479 Retail stores in the   UK and ROI 313 Autocentres across the UK 15 Cycle Republic   stores £ 1.1bn Group Revenue  Halfords is the UK’s leading retailer of motoring,  cycling and leisure products and through  Halfords Autocentres, is also one of the UK’s  leading independent operators in vehicle  servicing, maintenance and repairs. Introduction  to Halfords For 125 years Halfords has been   synonymous with travel. Halfords Annual Report 2017.indd   4     slugline Our Integrated Report This is our fourth integrated report and is designed to provide a concise overview of how  we generate value for all stakeholders. By following an integrated reporting model, we aim  to show how our competitive advantage is sustainable in the short, medium, and long term. While this report focuses on value generation for our shareholders, it also demonstrates  how we interact with all of our stakeholders. In producing this report we have: built upon the key changes introduced previously; and  developed it in line with the evolving practices in integrated reporting. Our future reports  will seek to keep up with these new developments and achieve our aim of continually  improving our stakeholder communications. The steps we have taken in this report: • Our business model continues to evolve to provide greater clarity on how we create  value in the short, medium and long term. We have provided more detail on the outputs  of our business model. • We have increased the signposting and consistency between sections to show how  they connect and interact..