Polypipe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2017 Stock Code: PLP investors.polypipe.com/year-in-review To view the annual  report online: Polypipe Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2017 WELCOME TO POLYPIPE IS ONE OF EUROPE’S  LARGEST MANUFACTURERS  OF PIPING SYSTEMS, WATER  AND CLIMATE MANAGEMENT  SYSTEMS, DELIVERING  ENGINEERED SOLUTIONS THAT  ENABLE A SUSTAINABLE BUILT  ENVIRONMENT. Polypipe has an established market position,  spanning the residential, commercial, civils  and infrastructure, and public non-housing  sectors in the UK and selected markets  around the world. Through constant  innovation and focused research and  development, Polypipe is uniquely   positioned to offer solutions that help  deal with the pressures placed on urban  environments, existing infrastructure   and natural resources. OUR PURPOSE Polypipe harnesses the knowledge of its expert staff  to develop a deep understanding of the market  sectors the Company serves. In addition to a core  offer of drainage, plumbing and heating, Polypipe  is able to offer access to one of the largest water  management product portfolios, offering solutions  to even the most demanding of water management  infrastructure projects. Plus, the dedicated teams in  our ventilation businesses work directly with M&E  contractors and end-customers, which allows them  to focus their efforts on new product development  to keep them at the forefront of low-energy and  carbon efficient ventilation technology. Polypipe continues to invest in its manufacturing  scale, to maintain its competitive position through  operational efficiency, operating state-of-the-art  manufacturing and fabrication facilities to provide  value-engineered, fit-for-purpose solutions for  the most diverse and complex challenges, often  substituting legacy materials. With a high level of  new product development and a solid working  knowledge of the legislative requirements within its  markets, Polypipe is equipped to help customers not  only meet their everyday product requirements but  also solve a range of problems they will face today  and tomorrow, reinforcing sales through technical  expertise that they can trust. WHAT WE DO Polypipe develops engineered solutions for  construction projects, including some of the most  prestigious buildings and infrastructure schemes,  around a core offer of plastic piping systems. Placing the management of water and the healthy  ventilation of buildings at the heart of its strategy,  Polypipe is able to provide solutions to some of  the most pressing environmental challenges in  these construction projects..