TO FLY  TO POWER  TO LIVE Annual Report and Accounts 2017 ENABLING THE   EXTRAORDINARY  Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Enabling the Extraordinary Forward-looking statements  The Annual Report and Accounts contains certain  forward-looking statements with regard to the  operations, performance and financial condition of the  Group. By their nature, these statements involve  uncertainty since future events and circumstances can  cause results to differ materially from those anticipated. The forward-looking statements reflect knowledge and  information available at the date of preparation of this  Annual Report and Accounts and the Company  undertakes no obligation to update these forward- looking statements. Nothing contained in this Annual  Report and Accounts should be construed as a profit  forecast. This report is intended to provide information  to shareholders, is not designed to be relied upon by any  other party or for any other purpose, and the Company  and its directors accept no liability to any other person  other than that required under English law. TO FLY Expertise relied upon by  customers to enable safe and  cost effective flight We balance weight, life span, life-cycle cost, dispatchability, ease of maintenance, short field  performance and turnaround times to deliver the optimal combination of technical performance and  operating economics needed for a given aircraft. With decades of experience, an extensive intellectual  property portfolio and positions on some of the world’s most technologically advanced civil and military  aircraft, Meggitt plays a critical role in enabling safe and cost effective landings for over 15 million flights  each year. TO POWER Products and services which   enable customers to reliably  operate critical infrastructure  without disruption Meggitt health monitoring systems are installed on energy infrastructure across the globe, including the  world’s tallest gravity dam at Grand Dixence, Switzerland. Highly durable sensors placed close to critical  pieces of equipment relay information on everything from vibration anomalies to electrical currents back  to a central computer system. By inspecting patterns within the signals, analysts can easily see if their  equipment is in peak condition or in need of maintenance..