the colourful story continues ANNU AL REPORT & A CCOUNTS 2016/17 PUTTING I T   IN PRINT the colourful story continues ANNU AL REPORT & A CCOUNTS 2016/17 PUTTING I T   IN PRINT CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain information contained in this document, including any information as to the Group’s strategy, plans or future financial or operating performance,  constitutes ‘‘forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the  terms ‘‘believes’’, ‘‘estimates’’, ‘‘anticipates’’, ‘‘projects’’, ‘‘expects’’, ‘‘intends’’, ‘‘aims’’, ‘‘plans’’, ‘‘predicts’’, ‘‘may’’, ‘‘will’’, ‘‘seeks’’, ‘‘could’’, ‘‘targets’’, ‘‘assumes’’,  ‘‘positioned’’ or ‘‘should’’ or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, goals,  future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout  this document and include statements regarding the intentions, beliefs or current expectations of the Directors concerning, among other things, the Group’s  results of operations, financial condition, prospects, growth, strategies and the industries in which the Group operates. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not  occur in the future or are beyond the Group’s control. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Even if the Group’s actual results  of operations, financial condition and the development of the industries in which the Group operates are consistent with the forward-looking statements  contained in this document, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. The forward-looking statements contained in this document speak only as of the date of this document. The Group and its Directors expressly disclaim any  obligation or undertaking to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,  unless required to do so by applicable law, the AIM Rules for Companies or the Disclosure and Transparency Rules. Note: The financial information contained in this document, including the financial information presented in a number of tables in this document, has been  rounded to the nearest whole number or the nearest decimal place..