Giving our customers the confidence   to be whoever they want to be ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 Everything we do at ASOS starts with our purpose  and what’s important to the people whose  lives we touch. This enables us to create truly  amazing products and customer experiences for  20-somethings all over the world. Part of my role is to make sure our purpose is  central to everything we do – and to give our people  the support and freedom to achieve it. Over the  following pages, you’ll see how our purpose guides  our strategic thinking: our view of the markets in  which we operate; our strategy and business model;  and our objectives, measures and risks. CEO’S STRATEGIC OVERVIEW Nick Beighton Chief Executive Officer CONTENTS STRATEGIC REPORT Pages 1-9 Our CEO Nick Beighton  explains our strategic  approach and business model Pages 10-16 Learn how we deliver   the ASOS experience Our Strategy 1 Our guiding beliefs 2  Knowing our market 4  Appealing to 20-somethings 6  Our business model 8  How we create value The ASOS Experience 10 Being inspired 12 Finding the look 14 Getting and wearing... 16 ...and sharing CONTENTS STRATEGIC REPORT Pages 1-9 Our CEO Nick Beighton  explains our strategic  approach and business model Pages 10-16 Learn how we deliver   the ASOS experience Our Strategy 1 Our guiding beliefs 2  Knowing our market 4  Appealing to 20-somethings 6  Our business model 8  How we create value The ASOS Experience 10 Being inspired 12 Finding the look 14 Getting and wearing... 16 ...and sharing ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 1 We give people the confidence to be  whoever they want to be... Our guiding beliefs  Our purpose – to give people the confidence to be whoever they  want to be – rests on some deep-rooted beliefs. We believe in a  world where people have the freedom to explore and express  themselves without judgement, no matter who they are or where  they’re from. Where people value themselves and feel proud  of who they are. Where individuality is a source of confidence,  because difference makes the world a better place. This mindset guides everything we do. The huge diversity  of our product range..