C4X Discovery Holdings plc Annual report and accounts 2017 C4X Discovery Holdings plc Annual report and accounts 2017 BUILDING THE FIRST  SELF‑SUSTAINING  DRUG DISCOVERY ENGINE C4X Discovery (C4XD.L) aims to become the world’s most productive  drug discovery company by exploiting  cutting‑edge technologies to design and  create best‑in‑class drug candidates. Stay up to date with the latest  investor news and information  at  Our unique capabilities power cost efficient discovery  of a diverse multi-disease portfolio of pre-clinical assets,  in order to generate a sustainable source of revenue. C4XD at a glance Read more on page 2 Highlights Operational highlights Corporate highlights Strategy •  The Board is committed to the delivery  of C4X Discovery’ s (“C4XD’ s”) vision to  become the world’ s most productive  drug discovery engine by exploiting  cutting-edge technologies to design  and create best-in-class small molecule  candidates targeting a range of high  value therapeutic areas. •  C4XD focusses on generating a high  value pre-clinical asset portfolio that  will drive revenue through early stage  licensing deals with the pharmaceutical  industry. Existing fee-for-service  agreements have been discontinued  during the current financial year. Partnerships •  The Company continues to enhance its  core state-of-the-art target identification  and drug design capabilities through  strategic partnerships:  – A multi-target risk-sharing alliance  with Evotec AG (“Evotec”) was  announced in September 2016. Discovery Engine progress •  C4XD’ s proprietary drug asset portfolio  has grown from three programmes in  2014 to eight programmes across a  number of therapeutic areas. •  Disease areas of focus are inflammation,  neurodegeneration, and opportunistic  areas (e.g. immuno-oncology, addiction  and diabetes). Senior appointments •  Brad Hoy, Chief Financial Officer, and  Dr Craig Fox, Chief Scientific Officer,  were appointed to the Board of  Directors in November 2016..