ITV delivers strong operational  performance in an uncertain  economic environment ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2017 ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2017 We are an integrated producer  broadcaster, creating, owning   and distributing high-quality   content on multiple platforms. Contents Strategic Report Provides a comprehensive   review of ITV’s business   and strategy. 2017 Highlights 2 ITV at a Glance 4 Chairman’s Statement 6 Investor Proposition 8 Market Review 10 Chief Executive’s Report 14 Our Strategy and Business Model 18 Corporate Responsibility 20 Operating and Performance Review 22 Alternative Performance Measures 34 Key Performance Indicators 36 Finance Review 40 Risks and Uncertainties 50 Governance Presents a clear view   of ITV’s governance. Chairman’s Governance Statement 60 Board of Directors 62 Management Board 64 Corporate Governance 66 Audit and Risk Committee Report 72 Remuneration Report 82 Directors’ Report 98 Financial Statements ITV’s audited ﬁnancial   statements for the year   ended 31 December 2017 . Financial Statements  107 Independent Auditor’s Report 108 Primary Statements 114 ITV plc Company Financial  Statements 179 Additional InformationGlossary 194 Strategic Report  The Strategic Report explains in detail how we have performed this year and sets out a fair review of the business,  a balanced and comprehensive analysis of our performance, the use of key performance indicators to explain the  progress we have made, a description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company, and an indication of  potential future developments. The Strategic Report is prepared in line with the relevant provisions of the Companies  Act 2006 and the Company has had regard to the guidance issued by the Financial Reporting Council. It is intended  to provide shareholders with a better understanding of the Company, of its position in the markets within which it  operates, and of its prospects. In setting out the Company’s main risks and uncertainties, an indication of potential  future developments, and in other content, this report and accounts contains statements that are based on knowledge  and information available at the date of preparation of the Strategic Report, and what are believed to be reasonable  judgements, and therefore cannot be considered as indications of likelihood or certainty. A wide range of factors may  cause the actual outcomes and results to differ materially from those contained within, or implied by, these various  forward-looking statements. None of these statements should be construed as a proﬁt forecast..